A linked in company page helps others learn more about your business brand products services and job
opportunities.
That's why in this video I'm going to show you how to create a page ad adman's publish content and not
employees.
So the first step is to go and create a page and to do that and you can just come into the work section
here.
You can scroll to the bottom and you're going to see the option here to create a page and all you want
to do is firstly put it in the company name so just putting set up as an example and then you're going
to see that you can chose the link in public your L or your custom your l.
And ideally this will just be the name of your business and hopefully that is available there for you.
It is fun to click verify that your official representative of the company and go ahead and create the
page.
Now as suggested here you should add a logo and cover photo give candidates full context around your
company by filling out all the sections and you can even add your company name on company description
in each target language and you are discovering.
So go ahead and click and get started.
Now I mean here you can see those options to add the profile image change the name the description etc..
Now it can be a little bit intimidating to fill the site if you're not sure what to fill in.
So what I would recommend you do is you actually open up open up Linked-In again in a separate tab and
then you can come into the search bar here and start to search for some companies.
So just take HubSpot as an example.
And actually I think their page came up there but if they don't you can come across to companies just
open that up and what you can essentially do is have a look at some companies and their pages and use
it as a template for yourself so you can see they've got a nice bright logo in it.
In terms of it just being two colors that's a key thing for company logos it's a great idea to have
two colors and not a white background because that'll blend into the page so you really want to be a
bright color backgrounds and then see white here that really pops out.
You'll also see that they've used their cover image space to show the team members.
It's kind of a fun place to work.
That's appealing to candidates if they wanted to come and learn more about Linked-In and the jobs that
are available.
Well look it looks like a pretty fun place to have to work.
And that's the type of thing that you can use that cover image for.
Let's open up another page again and we'll have a look at some other different types of companies.
So if we search for like on seat didn't pop right up there so we can come to companies.
And again we can look there.
So what we can see here and this is kind of interesting.
Best of company pages 2017 is awarded by and linked in themselves in the background there is really
the campus of their offices.
And so again it's appealing really to people who potentially work there not only the team but hey that
looks like a pretty awesome place to work.
Now if we scroll then maybe down to the about us let's have a look at these.
So they really get into you know what they actually do what their kind of story is how many customers
they have and where some of the offices are.
So that's important for an international company.
And if we look at night then let's have a look at example of them a little bit of the history about
the company named after the Greek goddess of victory.
And again some of their places where they're actually operating there founder or founder is Phil Knight.
It's kind of a well-known guy.
And then also you can see that they've added in their web site you're offended type of company and there
are a number of employees speciality etc..
If we do the same on the Hubspot you can see those same details are there as well.
So the point is that I would encourage you to search for some company pages.
Check out what they're doing and model yourself on.
Even people particularly in your niche or company sizes that are similar.
But as a general rule you can see the profile logo here two simple colors and with a simple image that
really pops say.
So.
We cannot look at the see black background.
Simple logo two colors pop side cover photo show the team or maybe even show the campus where you're
working and in terms of the About Us little bit of history.
Explain really what the company does at a high level and the areas where you are operating.
And here's an interesting part as well for more information visit our company's site or career site
and then they include companies details so you can see that this page is really geared towards hiring
people into the company because there's a clear call to action there.
They're also focusing a lot on the campus and probably a similar thing here as well.
So there's tons of ideas on existing Linked-In pages you can just take the best ideas from them and
apply them to your own page.
So I'll let you fill in the steps there for yourself.
Fairly straightforward but let's explore some of the other features of the Linked-In company page.
And one is the updates so you can really share updates and this will go to the people who are following
your page and then you can do it in a very simple way like that you can just come to the updates page
publish it.
You can see engagement details here and metrics that Cremin cross to analytics as well.
We can see people who followed the page the careers page the companies page satirises Fullbright break
down in terms of the analytics and we can also get some notifications there if our company has been
mentioned in a post and this is essentially where we would monitor that.
So already in this video learned how to create a page to publish content and then look let's look at
how to odd oddments to the page.
So to do that you can just click on the Armand's tools in the top right hand corner click on page adman's
and then you will just go ahead and add any Adnan's in.
Now they must have set up their LinkedIn profile already.
So once they done that you can just search and search to find them and then you can go ahead and add
them.
So let's just say you could just select somebody there.
They're going to get the notification.
I'll actually just remove that because it's just a friend.
And then we go ahead and click save and they're going to receive a notification.
Final thing we want to cover is how to add employees to your business page on Linked-In.
And actually it's the employees themselves who will associate it with your page.
So you really want to tell employees to come into their own pages here.
View that profile then you want to come down to experience add some experience and then you can put
it in the company.
You can see it there set up a demo and then they just go ahead and on in their title and when they started
etc. and that's going to show up on their profile.
So what do you want to do once you've set up your page actually encourage your employees to set it up.
You can give this information about the page name to date your departments and maybe ask them to go
get everybody set up.
So once again to create a business page on Linked In Quicken the work icon in the top right hand corner.
Go ahead and create a company page and in there you can also add admins publish content and then once
you've set up your page you can ask employees to add themselves to your page as well.
And that is how you can really help people learn more about your business brand products or services
and job opportunities by creating a business page on LinkedIn.